This is how you pick a move. You draw it.
The canvas is a timeline. Left to right is the time of day.
Up and down is the size of the move, in basis points.
Drag a box over the window you trade. Its left edge and
width set when the move starts and how long it runs.
The top and bottom set the size band. The dashed cutoff
line is how long you keep watching it.
Let go, and the stats compute on release. Win rate, how
often the structure held, and the typical move size.
Set your cashflow target up top. That's the move you're
actually paid for, in percent.
Switch from Exact to Region and it scans every box inside
your shape, then hands you the strongest one.
Turn signals on and drop a second box, the violet one,
somewhere before your trade.
Now it measures the timing. When that signal fires first,
does your win rate actually lift? The panel shows the
before and after.
Filter by what the signal was doing at your entry, and
rank the setups by how much lift they add.
Geometry in, edge out. That's the whole idea behind
picking a move.